Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Final words, our verdict, ...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review
6. Final words, our verdict, pros and cons
POPULAR REVIEWS
Nothing CMF Android
The competition
XIAOMI 17T PRO REVIEW
package on offer by the CMF Phone 2 Pro is pretty great value for the price and hard to
match, particularly the telephoto camera on the back.
SONY XPERIA 1 VIII REVIEW
XIAOMI 17T REVIEW
ELECTRIC VEHICLES
If a telephoto is high up on your priorities list, the first competitor we are going to point out is
the Motorola Edge 50 Neo. It has a 10MP 3x telephoto in its arsenal. It is also a very well-
made device with an IP68 and MIL-STD-810H rating. It has an excellent, albeit slightly smaller
6.4-inch display, stereo speakers, a comparable MediaTek Dimensity 7300 chipset, but sadly
no expandable storage.
Over on team Xiaomi, you can find a great deal on a Poco X7 Pro. Sure, it lacks a telephoto
camera, but it is an excellent overall phone with a particular focus on performance through its
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Final words, our verdict, ...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Final words, our verdict, ...
Dimensity 8400 Ultra chipset. It also offers stereo speakers and a huge battery with very fast
90W charging.
Of course, you could also save some cash and go for something like the Redmi Note 14 Pro+
5G. It is certainly not as powerful as the Poco, but the core experience it delivers is very
similar.
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Final words, our verdict, ...
Mitsubishi shows the Eclipse
Sportback, which looks very familiar
Lucid Gravity gets hands-free highway
driving, adaptive beam headlights
through new update
Apple introduces new CarPlay features
with iOS 27, video apps to be allowed
As for Samsung devices, unfortunately, the Galaxy A36 is pricier than the CMF Phone 2 Pro.
So, we must either get last year's Galaxy A35 or drop to the Galaxy A26. The latter is a solid
phone though, its highlights including the IP67 ingress protection rating, expandable storage
(also a thing on the A35, but not the A36), and a whopping six major OS updates in its support
schedule.
Motorola Edge 50 Neo • Xiaomi Poco X7 Pro • Samsung Galaxy A26
Our verdict
The CMF Phone 2 Pro offers a stand-out design, competitive hardware and feature package
at its price point. The lively and bright 10-bit 120Hz display is worth praise, while the Dimensity
7300 Pro chipset is decently potent. Expandable storage, great battery life, and probably most
impressive of all - a triple rear camera setup, including a dedicated telephoto camera. This
combo is hard to find in the price bracket.
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Final words, our verdict, ...
On the flip side, the camera performance of the CMF Phone 2 Pro is lacking in some key
areas. The other shortcomings are the unimpressive single speaker, the practically non-
existent ingress protection and the relatively slow charging.
Still, we genuinely enjoyed our time with the CMF Phone 2 Pro. There is no denying that it is
simply different than most phones and not your run-of-the-mill affordable device. Beyond style
points, however, the phone also seems to nail most of the basics for a good everyday
experience. If you can live with the shortcomings we mentioned, then the CMF Phone 2 Pro
deserves consideration.
Pros
› Unique, standout design with a focus on customizability, accessories and sustainability.
› Bright OLED with HDR and 120Hz refresh rate.
› Great battery life.
› Good chipset performance for the class.
Cons
› No charger in the box.
› Still pretty minimal IP54 ingress protection.
› High refresh rate gaming is mostly unsupported.
› Not particularly fast charging.
› Pretty unimpressive single loudspeaker.
› No camera OIS.
› No eSIM support.
Pricing
SHOW ALL PRICES
6. Final words, our verdict, pros and cons
Reviews Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review Page 6
CMF PHONE 2 PRO USER REVIEWS COMMENTS (107)
© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com Mobile version Android app Tools Contact us Merch store Privacy Terms of use