Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review
5. Camera, photo and video quality
Nothing CMF Android
A potent triple camera setup
The CMF Phone 2 Pro boasts a 50 MP main camera with a large-for-the-class 1/1.57" sensor,
which captures 64% more light than the Phone 1's main sensor, according to the company.
The camera can record 4K video (at 30fps, 60fps is available at 1080p) and features AI-
powered image stabilization.
While Phone 1's camera stood alone, the Pro model adds two more shooters. The more
interesting of the two is arguably the 50 MP telephoto camera, a rare sight in this price
bracket. It has a 1/2.88" sensor and a 2x f/1.85 lens (with 20x digital zoom). Additionally, there
is an ultra-wide camera - 119.5-degree FoV on its f/2.2 lens and a modest 8 MP 1/4" sensor.
This is a huge upgrade over the sole 50MP camera on the Phone 1. The selfie camera is the
same, a 16MP module (f/2.45, 1/3").
› Wide (main): 50 MP Samsung ISOCELL S5KGN9, f/1.9, 24mm, 1/1.57", 1.0µm, dual
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
pixel PDAF; 2160p@30fps
› Ultra wide angle: 8 MP GalaxyCore GC08A8, f/2.2, 15mm, 1/4.0", 1.12µm;
1080p@30fps
› Telephoto: 50 MP OmniVision OV50D, f/1.9, 1/2.88", 0.612µm, PDAF; 2160p@60fps.
› Front camera: 16 MP GalaxyCore GC16B3, f/2.0, 22mm, 1/3", 1.0µm; 1080p@60fps
Mitsubishi shows the Eclipse The rear and selfie cameras on the CMF Phone 2 Pro support what the company calls "True
Sportback, which looks very familiar Lens Engine 3". It includes Ultra XDR, AI Vivid Mode, Night Mode, Portrait Optimizer, and
Motion Capture.
Lucid Gravity gets hands-free highway
driving, adaptive beam headlights The AI Vivid mode claims to create "true-to-life images with extra vivid hues and high
through new update
contrast." Ultra XDR is a Google-backed HDR photography tech and an opt-in feature on the
CMF Phone 2 Pro.
Apple introduces new CarPlay features
with iOS 27, video apps to be allowed Swiping on the viewfinder or using the mode scroller below allows you to switch between
modes. Additional shooting options are tucked away in the "More" menu. Flash and timer
controls are located on the opposite side of the viewfinder, and you can access further
settings like resolution (12 MP/50 MP), aspect ratio, Live Photo, and advanced options by
expanding the settings menu.
Expert mode is available and so is RAW capturing.
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
Daylight photo quality
Main camera
Photos from the main camera are good but not what we would call maturely processed.
Colors look good and have a bit of pop to them. The dynamic range and the contrast are also
quite good.
Detail, however, is lacking, and the detail that is there is quite heavily processed. The
algorithm produces lots of artifacts too.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP main camera samples
The main camera does a decent job with portraits. Skin texture and tones look great, and the
background blur is convincing. The only thing lacking at times is the subject detection and
background separation. The phone can sometimes make pretty big mistakes, especially with a
busier background.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP main camera portrait samples
You can force the main camera to capture in its full 50MP resolution, but you probably don't
want to do that since there isn't any boost in resolved detail and overall quality. Perhaps the
shots are a little less processed, but not by much.
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 50MP main camera samples
Telephoto camera
Having a dedicated high-resolution, 2x telephoto camera at its relatively affordable price point
is probably one of the highlights of the CMF Phone 2 Pro package. While the processing on
these shots is still heavy-handed, we do believe there is more and better fine detail in these
photos than in the 1x ones. The colors are good, and so are the contrast and dynamic range.
Generally, a pretty good match to the main camera.
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP telephoto camera samples
The telephoto camera does a great job with portraits as well. Skin texture and tone look great.
For some reason, subject detection and separation seem more consistent than on the main
camera. The quality of the background blur is excellent.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP telephoto camera portrait samples
The full resolution, 50MP mode is about as useless on the telephoto camera as it is on the
main camera. The extra size is just not worth it since the overall quality is about the same.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 50 MP telephoto camera samples
Ultrawide camera
We can't realistically expect too much from an 8 MP fixed-focus ultrawide camera. The shots
are decidedly soft with little resolved detail.
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 8MP ultrawide camera samples
On the plus side, the colors look good and are well-matched to the other two cameras.
Selfie camera
The selfie camera does a solid, even if not class-leading job. The detail levels are good, but at
the same time, there is plenty of noise and softness. At least the colors are good once again.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 16MP selfie camera samples
Low-light camera quality
The CMF Phone 2 Pro captures solid low-light photos with its main camera. The detail is well
preserved, the colors look good, and the dynamic range is plenty wide. Light sources are
pretty well-handled as well.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP main camera low-light samples
The only real gripe we have with these photos is that they are a bit soft and noisy. But they are
not terrible in even those two aspects.
There is a dedicated Night mode in the camera app, but it doesn't really differ from the
automatic night mode that is being triggered by the camera app on its own.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP main camera night mode samples
The dedicated telephoto camera also does a surprisingly good job with low-light photos. The
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
detail is plentiful, and the colors are lively. Contrast is high, while the dynamic range is wide.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP telephoto camera low-light samples
Again, enabling Night mode on the telephoto camera has little to no effect on the actual photo
quality.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 12.5MP telephoto camera night mode samples
The ultrawide camera struggles badly in low-light conditions. Photos look soft and blurry, with
little detail and plenty of noise.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 8MP ultrawide camera low-light samples
Even here enabling Night mode doesn't really help or have much effect at all.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 8MP ultrawide camera night mode samples
Night mode is arguably the most influential for selfies, but not exactly in a positive manner.
Night mode destroys skin tones and gives everything a yellow and ghostly hue. We preferred
just using the regular selfie mode with screen flash left on for extra light.
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 16MP selfie camera low-light samples
CMF Phone 2 Pro: 16MP selfie camera night mode samples
Video capture quality
Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review: Camera, photo and video...
The main camera and telephoto cameras on the CMF Phone 2 Pro can capture video at up to
4K@30 fps resolution. The ultrawide camera is limited to 1080p. By default, videos get saved
with an AVC/h.264 video stream (around 50 Mbps at 4K) and a stereo AAC audio stream
inside an MP4 container. If you prefer, you can switch to HEVC/h.265 and save some space at
the same quality level.
Quality-wise, the main camera captures excellent 4K footage with plenty of detail, nice colors
and a wide dynamic range. There is a little fringing around small moving objects, but nothing
dramatic. The telephoto camera is not nearly as impressive - its videos are a bit soft. Videos
from the ultrawide are very rough around the edges. Both figuratively and literally. There is a
very little detail, and plenty of visual defects like halos around finer objects.
There are no dedicated stabilization settings or modes in the camera app. Still, the main
camera has always-on EIS. It works reasonably well, but it does have a negative effect on the
autofocus system, triggering focus-hunting.
You can check out the playlist below, which includes multiple video samples.
GSMArena samples
Watch on
NEXT PAGE » 6. Final words, our verdict, pros and cons
5. Camera, photo and video quality
Reviews Nothing CMF Phone 2 Pro review Page 5
CMF PHONE 2 PRO USER REVIEWS COMMENTS (107)